Explicitly ask a person to describe proposed feature (#396)
godotengine/godot-proposals: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature---enhacement-proposal.md

**Describe the problem or limitation you are having in your project:**

> **Describe the feature / enhancement and how will it help to overcome the problem or limitation:**

Author: ```suggestion
**Describe the feature / enhancement and how it helps to overcome the problem or limitation:**
```
Depending on your mindset. 🙂

Reviewer: The suggested change is much better. The original isn't proper English.

Author: Learning something new each time, updated.
